Your attack is an insult.
imagine being a skid
Toothyepic Was Here
L Bozo
RIPBOZO
Leave the dead where they fall
Subscribe to alfenium
Mother: Smoking doesn't affect my child!\nThe newborn baby after her mother gave birth to her:
fatherless activity
our younger generation is unfortunately lost
we should start bullying more
where is my nuclear bomb again?
It's taking all my chakra to not kill a baby
I usually try not to judge people for their choices, but man what the hell
i need bleach
Years, YEARS OF EVOLVING, “This is what we turned into”.
Maybe omni man had a point
I think my life is currently in shambles right now and this just gave me the urge to pick myself up.
THAT’S IT GO TOUCH GRASS [You have been submerged within grass]
humanity is devolving
Whoever this is needs Jesus
Words cannot describe how genuinely worried I am for this generation and the next generations to come
*candle cove screaming*
I gotta think what your mom feels because you have no dad
I grew up with no father but good lord I was nevere anything like this
I'm losing my faith in humanity...
One of the many reasons Ultron should have killed us all
You are the reason why bullying should be encouraged in schools
You are why teachers tell students to bully others in school.
Now i know how Guatemala interrogation looks like
This isn't just fatherless activity... THIS IS NO-FAMILY ACTIVITY
I found a video of you being born : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0tllKCuDo2M
hello grandma i need to sell your television
NO DAD ALERT NO DAD ALERT
the entire seperatist army couldnt cope with how cringe this is
i want to throw you at the wall, i wanna burn you to a crisp, i wanna crush you with my fist, i wanna stomp on you like hulk, i am truly disgusted by you
That's it, I'm gettin me mallet
I can already tell you get bullied
I hope you look back on your life and die of cringe.
It's never too late to touch grass
This is beyond fatherless, this lunatic got disowned by her whole family
Congratulations! We are gonna beat you to death!
bro looks like a raccoon on drugs